---
layout: post
title:  "DDRTF"
subhead: "Dangerous Dan's Restaurant Template Framework: For creating a modern website for restaurants and cafes."
bg-color: "#4c0f0e"
date:   2016-04-25 00:00:01 -0400
categories: r data analysis exercise trends
--- 

[Link to the project files on GitHub](https://github.com/DanTruong/DDRTF)

DDRTF is a HTML5 and CSS3 framework. The project aims to provide a base template for restaurant businesses to use for creating their own websites with. Furthermore, the project was built from the ground up; no reliance on existing frameworks such as Bootstrap. The framework is responsive and is kept as small as possible (at time of writing, the style.css file is ~2KB big; the entire project is less than 100KB).

The idea for the project came while I was browsing Reddit. Someone posted a link to the [Better Motherfucking Website (BMFW)](http://bettermotherfuckingwebsite.com/). This website served to showed that you don't need to overburden your site (with all sorts of verbose JavaScript and CSS code) just to display information. The site only had 7 CSS declarations and utilized no media queries to make it responsive. Albeit. this project adds on a bit to the code base.

Coupled with seeing all sorts of local restaurants use outdated designs and NPAPI magic (Flash is a big time offender) to make their designs "pop", I decided to build upon the style of the BMFW to make a modern responsive framework that would be easy to work with. It is still being worked on; future plans will hopefully integrate flexible grids and a hamburger navbar button (on mobile resolutions). 
